Reverse Data -> String conversion rule (#5601)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

  [SimplyDanny](https://github.com/SimplyDanny)
  [#5153](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/issues/5153)

> * Revert `optional_data_string_conversion` enforcing
>   non-failable conversions of `Data` -> UTF-8 `String`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Revert the part of the `non_optional_string_data_conversion`
  rule that enforces non-failable conversions of `Data` -> UTF-8
  `String`. This is due to the fact that the data to be converted
  can be arbitrary and especially doesn't need to represent a valid
  UTF-8-encoded string.    
```

Please append two spaces to the end of the description. They are required to enforce a line break in the rendered Markdown.

Also, this should go into the "Breaking" section.
